Align trigger, condition, and action names and descriptions with core (#46401)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_triggers/temperature.crossed_threshold.markdown

title: "Temperature crossed threshold"
trigger: temperature.crossed_threshold
domain: temperature

> description: "Triggers when one or more temperatures cross a threshold."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Triggers when one or more temperature readings cross a threshold."
```
